# Clickbait Generator Website

I have created a clickbait generator.

In order to run the website clone the repo and open it on VS Code. Then run the following command in the terminal:

        django_env\Scripts\activate

Then run the following command:

        cd clickbait_generator_website

Then run the following command:  

        python manage.py runserver

Then open the link that appears in the terminal.

### Some Clickbates generated by the model:
>13 Confessions From "Gossip Girl"  
>12 Amazing Cat Totally Radicalized Me  
>Fresh Fruit Sushi IMDB   
>24 Times Taylor Swift Leaving And This Week  
>This Video Of Thrones" Based On His Trip  
>Donald Trump During Christmas  
>20 Worst Thing Ever Received  
>17 Life-Changing Product  
>The "Mona Lisa" Looks Seriously Hot Gossip  
>Only Thing That Will Make Your Personality  
>Disney's Prince Eric  
>The Messiest Party  
>14 Gifts For Christmas  
>How To Make Your Personality  
>People Wish They Originally Did This Is For Love Their  
>28 Makeup Charts That'll Take The World  


## Explanation of the code:
For understanding we can split the code into 2 parts:

1. The model:  
It is a simple model which generates a click bait based on the probability of the next word if we know the previous word. It involves hot encoding the words and then using a simple neural network to predict the next word. It uses negative log likelihood loss function and batch gradient descent.

2. The website and the server:  
It is a simple website which takes the input from the user and then sends it to the server. The server then generates the clickbait and sends it back to the website. The website then displays the clickbait to the user.
